Revamping and completing stdlib docs (#176)
arr-ai/arrai: docs/std-encoding.md

# encoding

The following functions are available by accessing the `//encoding` attribute.
It contains a function that decodes a JSON value into a built-in arrai values.

## `encoding.json.decode(json <: string|bytes) <: set`

> It takes either a raw `string` or `bytes` that represents a JSON object. `json`

Author: must have accidentally typed that, will remove

# encoding

The following functions are available by accessing the `//encoding` attribute.

> It contains a function that are able to convert a JSON value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains a function that is able to convert a JSON value
```

> The following functions are available by accessing the `//encoding` attribute.
> It contains a function that are able to convert a JSON value
> into a built-in arrai values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `encoding` library provides functions convert a JSON value into a built-in arrai values.
The following functions are available by accessing the `//encoding` attribute.
```

## `encoding.json.decode(json <: string|bytes) <: set`

It takes either a raw `string` or `bytes` that represents a JSON object. `json`
is then converted to a built-in arrai value.

> Because empty sets are indisinguishable to `""`, `false`, and `[]`, `decode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because empty sets are indistinguishable to `""`, `false`, and `[]`, `decode`
```

maps incoming JSON values as follows:

| JSON encoding | maps to&hellip; | notes |
|:-|:-|:-|
| `"abc"` | `(s: "abc")` |
| `[1, 2, 3]` | `(a: [1, 2, 3])` |
| `false`/`true` | `(b: false)`/`(b: true)` |
| `null` | `(null: {})` |

> | `{"a": [2, 4, 8]}` | `{"a": (a: [2, 4, 8])}` | Being so common, objects are mapped directly to dicts. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{"a": [2, 4, 8]}` | `{"a": (a: [2, 4, 8])}` | As they are extremely comon objects are mapped directly to dicts. |
```
